chore: mergeback for 0.9.0 changes (#12808)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/release-notes-internal.md

## Big New Things
### Robot Control
- Stall detection is enabled for most moves. You might now get stall detection failures if you stall the robot.
- Motor driver configuration changes should improve performance and prevent step loss on the gantry.
- More USB connectivity fixes; updating should now work
- Many 96-channel behavior fixes, especially around tip pickup.

### Python Protocol API
- ``move_labware`` now requires api level 2.15; as a bonus feature to sweeten the deal, however, you can now `move_labware` to a special `OFF_DECK` location
- The Mount type has an `EXTENSION` entry for the gripper now

### ODD

> - You now get lovely little popups on the ODD when you send a protocol to an OT-3. 

Reviewer: 😛 

```suggestion
- You now get lovely little popups on the ODD when you send a protocol to a Flex.
```

- Design passes on the following screens should improve little usability issues: protocols dashboard, connect to network, protocol details

> - The unboxing flow should handle USB connections better now

Reviewer: uh idt we touched the unboxing flow usb path
